Vegas six foot ten is a common size in
the NBA not as a freshman in high school
Bishop Gorman Stephen Zimmerman is that
solid has already been offered
basketball scholarships to nine schools
including UNLV now a sophomore bigs in
will be headed to the Olympic Training
Center in Colorado Springs October 5th
to audition for the under-18 USA
basketball team today you get to know
them and I test it before he leaves
all right so here is Steven Zimmerman
sophomore here at Bishop Corbin high
school down the first thing didn't
anybody tell you you gotta stand up when
you do TV interviews what's the deal
with this one maybe I should have to sit
back down so I had to get up on the on
the bleachers here to be eye-to-eye with
you so you've always been tall is that
the dealer why'd you hit your growth
spurt yeah I've always been pretty solid
6th grade I was 511 you know always the
tallest in my class you know I'm
insanely jealous obviously but really
the reason why we're here this week to
talk see is that Steven's going to go to
Colorado Springs in the next couple
weeks you're gonna go and workout with
Team USA the under-17 team I think in
the other Hungary team corrected I mean
how excited are you to go today I'm
insanely excited you know I'm just
blessed for this opportunity so I can
come out here and play good and I'm just
gonna try to make the best of it I mean
pressure obviously going for something
like that because you know if you make
that team I mean all the doors open as
they say so tell us the kind of pressure
that you're dealing with pressure
performance there's a whole lot of
pressure really but but you can't let it
get you in the games and everything you
should tell your game again for you you
know the height for you started your
freshman year I mean everybody knew
you're a tall kid when there is 610 611
coming into high school there's a lot of
buzz so how do you handle of that
because you know I know you've gotten
college scholarship offers across the
board already how are you dealing with
us just trying to keep ahead
focus to the right things no staying
focused in school and on the court and
I'm apparently helped out with that you
can think about colleges already at this
point and you try to just walk it out as
much as possible really just blocking it
out just try to focus on getting better
yeah well let me just get this on UNLV I
mean that's place to go you know there's
a lot of controversy on that very
political very proper I like it it's
great to be tall obviously you can get a
college scholarship you know if you're
tall kid that plays basketball but I'm
sure you want to be better than that you
won't have an all-around gauge so tell
us how that's something you obviously
want to do to be known for other things
besides your size right yeah there's a
lot of kids that are really taller you
just got to find out what makes you
stand out from the rest of the kids you
know a shooting ability stuff like that
let's say you die by size that's the
tough task of guarding I mean how easy
is it for you to score and I let's say
five ten will give myself a few more
inches how easy
so show me posted okay so if I get up in
your in your business like this I just
put my foot on yours
so the true test of any basketball
players works in my eyes is any handle
my drive to the basket so you ready
okay I'm gonna try something different
this is Kylee Stephens sister she's nine
years old today happy birthday
let me see if I can school you know what
you got let's go
a little dignity I have gum we're back
in just a moment our crunch of the week
featuring us see what this